[Music]
welcome to slash forward into another
installment of the monsters of horror
back by popular demand this video will
diverge slightly from the first rather
than creating a comparison of evils from
within the movie we're discussing we'll
go right into the sociopath of interest
the difference will be that in the end
we'll do a brief comparison to ascertain
the overall top monster with those rules
set let's get to the topic of this
segment which will be Judy from
sleepaway camp and Judy is a special
case because we managed to come across
her right as her psychopathy was
beginning to blossom it's sort of a
fortunate unfortunate catch-22 in this
case because as we'll see the events
that transpire at camp airlock served to
both instigate and eliminate the
emergence of this intriguing behavioural
sweet what we find as evidenced by
Ricky's testimony is a young lady in the
midst of puberty like most girls she
begins this process earlier than boys
her own age unlike most others she
manages to achieve a full-fledged adult
orientation in short time we don't fully
know why this manifests in such an
extreme mistreatment of her peers
however perhaps this transformation is
concurrent with some sort of significant
trauma to which we are not privy since
we find her at summer camp were
primarily aware only of what she makes
outwardly obvious while I can't another
possibility could be that she's
suffering from a more mild but
persistent trauma that makes her feel
constantly worthless in her daily life
camp then presents an opportunity to
recreate herself to be born again in an
image of her own making providing her an
intoxicating degree of control she
hasn't previously experienced this seems
more likely given the sequence of events
that unfold she finds herself at camp
surrounded by the worst influence as
possible in the form of irresponsible
counselors and perverts she finds an
almost immediate rush of gratification
and influence to ride from her our
assertion of sexual power this is
evidenced by the nearly constant group
of young men that surround her desperate
enough and willing to put up with almost
any abuse in the hopes of quenching
their thirst but get a very direct
confirmation of this as she instructs
her paramour and proper technique as
they are engaged in the act of necking
all of this is likely exacerbated by
hormones but also the presence of her
toady Meg and the events transpiring at
the camp meg feeds off of Judy's
controlling power creating a negative
feedback loop she's empowered through
Judy's violent temper to act in an
anti-social manner her behaviors never
rebuffed it's always encouraged or
escalated by Judy conversely this acts
as a positive reinforcement for Judy who
never feels to find wreckage
and encouragement from Meg the two of
them together take what could have been
a mild irritation and turn it into a
runaway freight train rocketing toward
catastrophe add to this the instances of
violence at the camp there is an
abundance of unusual and unusually harsh
violent occurrences far more than it is
acceptable at any camp and well beyond
the normal experience of children and
adolescents all of this is happening
right as Judy is reaching her peak
conflating the satisfaction derived from
her newfound power with the violence
that surrounds her resulting in a
sexually sadistic mode that is a prime
recipe for developing into something far
more serious and we see this in the way
that she begins to objectify the other
campers the boys are objects of her
pleasure and she changes the focus of
her desires for purposes related to
manipulation and the aggrandize ation of
suffering she views Angela as a threat
only because she has the attention of
others even if the attention is negative
judy can't penetrate her glare or
manipulate her emotions so she shows a
clear willingness to escalate this loss
of control to physical violence the only
limiting factor here is that she takes
it too far too fast and failing to see
beyond her own desires to ascertain and
predict the intentions of others gets
herself killed
this however could be a mere matter of
an experience which brings us to our
conclusion judy is clearly a psychopath
but is she worse than Rick it's hard to
say for sure from all outward
appearances she's certainly more
explicitly aggressive and assertive
about her intentions but then she's also
possibly much younger it's not clear
what age Rick is in Friday the 13th part
3 but he appears to be fully grown
whereas she's just beginning to manifest
her sociopathic tendencies likely as a
result of a recent unknown trauma a
sudden influx of hormones to to puberty
and the fact that she finds herself
under these conditions in an environment
with minimal supervision in an abundance
of negative external stimuli along with
a willing partner to encourage and
support her most sadistic desires
in contrast Rick is significantly more
subtle in his abuse and he's killed
before we get to see him enact any of
his grand machinations it could be that
rick has simply been living with his
condition for a longer period of time
and has grown more accustomed to working
through the complications involved in
masking his true self it has a better
understanding of what type of outward
appearances are required to be accepted
by general company unfortunately we can
never make a proper assessment of this
because his ultimate plans for Kris are
unknown we lost her opportunity whenever
he thought he ever thunk was squeezed
through his eye socket by Jason and
since this is mainly conjecture were
forced to work with what we have Rick
may have been more sophisticated but he
may also just been an [ __ ]
who considered himself a master cocksman
Judy conversely clearly asserted her
nastiness in a way that was outwardly
a parent however there's also the chance
that some of this would normalize over
time as a result we have to stick with
an objective quantification
all else equal judy comes out ahead she
was more physically violent than Rick
she had the assistance in the
exacerbation of a partner and she showed
no signs of slowing down in
consideration of this we have to accept
Judy as our new Dark Queen of the
monsters of horror will she be dethroned
only time will tell I hope you enjoyed
the video thanks for watching
[Music]